Game Pieces:

Tree - It is a non-interactive and stationary element on the game board. It extends 
GamePiece and it is Drawable, which means that it can display itself on the board. It always 
returns NONE when interaction is attempted, so they have no effect on the player.

Bird - It is a moving but non-threatening creature that flies back and forth on the 
game board. This extends GamePiece, it implements Moveable which allows it to move during 
each game turn. Its movement uses an algorithm that moves it back and forth between the game 
board boundaries while avoiding occupied spaces. It is also Drawable which can display it on 
the game board. Interactions always returns as InteractionResult.NONE so it is harmless and 
cannot effect the player.

Dragon - It is a moving and dangerous creature that flies on the game board with random 
movements. This piece extends GamePiece. It is Drawable, allowing it to be displayed on the board, 
and it's also interactive returning InteractionResult.HIT when the player is at the same location 
as the dragon. It implements Moveable to allow it to move each turn. Its movement uses a random 
movement algorithm. The Random class is called to generate random numbers that teleports the dragon 
to random places on the game board, while also making sure it only moves to empty spaces on the board.

Lava - This is a stationary and deadly element that can instantly kill the player if 
the player makes contact with it. It extends GamePiece, so it is Drawable, which allows it to 
be displayed on the board. It is interactive and returns InteractionResult.KILL when the player
is at the same location as the lava, which results in the player dying and the game ending. 
Moveable is not implemented so lava is at a fixed location on the game board.

Portal - It is a stationary level progression element that allows the player to advance to the 
next level of the game. This piece extends GamePiece. So it is Drawable, which allows it to be displayed 
on the board. It is interactive and returns InteractionResult.ADVANCE when the player is at the same 
location as the portal. This does not implement Moveable which makes its location on the game board fixed.

Prize - This represents a reward item that the player needs to collect, and it 
provides points toward level completion and disappears after collected. This piece extends
GamePiece, making it Drawable, allowing it to be displayed on the board. It is interactive,
returning InteractionResult.GET_POINT when the player is at the same location as the prize, 
and the prize will also be removed from the board to prevent multiple collections. Prize does
not implement Moveable, which makes it stationary.

Archer - This represents an enemy that can attack the player from a distance as it 
moves across the game board. This extends GamePiece, so it is Drawable, allowing it to be 
displayed. It is interactive, and returns InteractionResult.HIT when the player is 1 space 
away from the archer, whether left or right. Archer also implements Moveable allowing it to 
move on the gameboard. It moves up and down the board, similar to bird. It has the same movement 
algorithm as bird, where it moves back and forth between the game board boundaries while 
avoiding already occupied spaces.